Today we have been working on how the Git Hub. This is quite a new stuff, that
we have encountered. With the help of GitHub we started to learn debugging and
how to use scripting to put files in the github.
 
We will also be learning to create github repository and then we will
be uploading our flies in the githiub.
 
So, initially in my first class we have started to learn about git hub commands
from "www.learngitbranching.js.org".
 
The first thing we learned was:
1. Git Commits
- It is git repository that records a snapshot of all the files in our directory.
- It is like a giant copy and paste
- It helps to save changes to the local depository
- It is to commit the files that is staged in the local repo
 
2. Git Branches
- The memory repository is called the master. Whatever we commit will come to the master.
- Branches and git are snapshots of master branch.
- Master is the main application where the process is happening.
 
Q. How we are goign to merge with the project?
A. To merge the project we are going to use the command line, which is 'git checkout -b [your branch name]'
 
3. Branches and Merges
- If we want to create a branch we simply type in 'git checkout [Your Branch Name]'
The steps to merge with the branch is:
    a. git checkout -b "Milton"
    b. git commit
    c. git push "Milton"
    d. git merge
 
    The first method to combine work that we will examine is 'git merge'. Merging in Git creates a special commit that has two unique parents. A commit with
    two parents essentially means "I want to include all the work from this parent over here and this one over here. and the set of all their
    parents".
 
4. Git Rebase
- It is other way of combining work between branches is rebasing.
- It eventually taken a set of commits, copies, them, and plops them down somewhere else.
- If we want to move our work from bugfix directly onto the work from master, then we can use git rebase command.
- When we apply git rebase bugfix, then  master becomes on ancestor of bug fix, git simply move the master branch refernce forward in history.
 
 
Lecture 2.
 
How to install github on my device and see how it is done.
        -Project on your machine on how to do it.
 
    WorkSpace - Git clone
    - How to know repository we use
    - That means it is clone on your computer.
Github is used to see what work is done and people can collborate with that.
 
Pull Request
    -It is send message on your work if someone wrote some comment on your work.
Everytime I made a changes vs code will show a change to see what we have clone. It will show what changes we had done or what changes needed to be done.
 
Git add --> to add
Git commit -m "Test"
git push origin master
 
git clone https://github.com/loganwolf619/WEB601.Week1.Lecture_1-Lecture_2.git
git add.
git commit -m "Week_1.Lecture_1+Lecture_2"
 
The new file can be named as name.txt . It must be followed by .txt
If we write something then save:
    a. git status
    b. git add.
    c. git commit -m "Name of the File"
    d. git push origin master
 